RN v13.0.6 to Preview (#1573)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.0.6.md

### Bug Fix

This new version resolves a bug introduced by previous release, which
prevented MySQL queries to return results.

## Marketplace

### Marketplace Updates

#### Care Kit

The new version `2.8.2` of the Care Kit library is available!

##### New features

* `add-plan-modal`: add support for monitoring plan devices
* `am-calendar`: the component now uses backoffice color theme
* `am-calendar`: add `eventResourceId` configuration property to choose which event property is used by the calendar to link to the resource
* `ck-availability-modal`: add new component 
* `import-users`, `reset-password`: add support for translation
* Add jobUpsert parameter to import users job

##### Bug Fix

* `am-calendar`: fixed bug causing the component to disappear when all the resources are filtered out
* `am-calendar`: update the event sent to open the modal to book a slot to match the event listened by the `ck-book-slot-modal` component

#### SMS Service

The new version `1.2.1` of the SMS Service is available!

##### New features

* Replace IP-based rate limiter with global rate limiter to prevent distributed attacks

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `vX.X.X`.

Author: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.6.0-beta.0`.
```
